\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Acos]

\begin{verbatim}
double acos(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  acos(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Acosh]

\begin{verbatim}
double acosh(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  acosh(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Asin]

\begin{verbatim}
double asin(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  asin(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Asinh]

\begin{verbatim}
double asinh(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  asinh(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Atan]

\begin{verbatim}
double atan(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  atan(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Atan2]

\begin{verbatim}
double atan2(double y, double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  atan2(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
        const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  atan2(double y,
        const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  atan2(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
        double x)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Atanh]

\begin{verbatim}
double atanh(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  atanh(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Binary Prod Cubes]

\begin{verbatim}
double binary_prod_cubes(double x, double y)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  binary_prod_cubes(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
                    const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Cos]

\begin{verbatim}
double cos(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  cos(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Cosh]

\begin{verbatim}
double cosh(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  cosh(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Erf]

\begin{verbatim}
double erf(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  erf(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Erfc]

\begin{verbatim}
double erfc(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  erfc(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Exp]

\begin{verbatim}
double exp(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  exp(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Exp2]

\begin{verbatim}
double exp2(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  exp2(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Expm1]

\begin{verbatim}
double expm1(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  expm1(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Fma]

\begin{verbatim}
double fma(double x, double y, double z)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  fma(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
      const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2,
      const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v3)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Hypot]

\begin{verbatim}
double hypot(double x, double y)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  hypot(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
        const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  hypot(double x,
        const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  hypot(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
        double y)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Inv]

\begin{verbatim}
double inv(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  inv(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Inv Cloglog]

\begin{verbatim}
double inv_cloglog(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  inv_cloglog(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Inv Logit]

\begin{verbatim}
double inv_logit(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  inv_logit(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Inv Sqrt]

\begin{verbatim}
double inv_sqrt(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  inv_sqrt(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Inv Square]

\begin{verbatim}
double inv_square(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  inv_square(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Lgamma]

\begin{verbatim}
double lgamma(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  lgamma(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Log]

\begin{verbatim}
double log(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Log10]

\begin{verbatim}
double log10(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log10(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Log1p]

\begin{verbatim}
double log1p(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log1p(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Log1p Exp]

\begin{verbatim}
double log1p_exp(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log1p_exp(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Log2]

\begin{verbatim}
double log2(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log2(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Log Diff Exp]

\begin{verbatim}
double log_diff_exp(double x, double y)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log_diff_exp(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
               const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log_diff_exp(double x,
               const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log_diff_exp(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
               double y)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Log Sum Exp]

\begin{verbatim}
double log_sum_exp(double x, double y)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log_sum_exp(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
              const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log_sum_exp(double x,
              const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  log_sum_exp(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
              double y)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Multiply Log]

\begin{verbatim}
double multiply_log(double x, double y)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  multiply_log(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
               const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  multiply_log(double x,
               const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  multiply_log(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
               double y)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Phi]

\begin{verbatim}
double Phi(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  Phi(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Phi Approx]

\begin{verbatim}
double Phi_approx(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  Phi_approx(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Pow]

\begin{verbatim}
double pow(double x, double y)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  pow(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
      const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  pow(double x,
      const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  pow(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
      double y)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Sin]

\begin{verbatim}
double sin(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  sin(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Sinh]

\begin{verbatim}
double sinh(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  sinh(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Sqrt]

\begin{verbatim}
double sqrt(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  sqrt(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Square]

\begin{verbatim}
double square(double input)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  square(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Tan]

\begin{verbatim}
double tan(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  tan(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Tanh]

\begin{verbatim}
double tanh(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  tanh(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Tgamma]

\begin{verbatim}
double tgamma(double x)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  tgamma(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& input)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

\begin{tcolorbox}[colback=white,colframe=gray90, coltitle=black,boxrule=3pt,
fonttitle=\bfseries,title= Trinary Prod Cubes]

\begin{verbatim}
double trinary_prod_cubes(double x, double y, double z)

\end{verbatim}

\begin{verbatim}
template <short AutodiffOrder, bool StrictSmoothness, bool ValidateIO>
var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>
  trinary_prod_cubes(const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v1,
                     const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v2,
                     const var<AutodiffOrder, StrictSmoothness, ValidateIO>& v3)

\end{verbatim}

\end{tcolorbox}

